Now that we've gotten the main course introduction out of the way, you know who I am, you know how
to navigate this course.
You know the information that's going to be taught and you know the transformation you're going to have
by the end of the entire course.
I want to hop into a quick, fun learning activity to get the ball rolling and to get your creativity
flowing.
So what we're going to do here is find out more about your skills in places that you can improve as
an editor.
So here we're going to spend no more than 20 minutes creating an edit.
This is going to be less of a tutorial and really more about self discovery.
So what I want you to focus on during this exercise is these main points you're going to be playing
with footage you've never worked with before, you never seen before.
And so you have no reference to the project.
So you're going to have really a clean slate going into it, which is perfect as an editor, which we'll
talk about.
I want you to learn more about your own personal style, your own personal editing choices and your
own music taste during this exercise.
And you can also share your final edit in the student Q&A with the other students and compare your edits.
Lastly, I want to frame this exercise for you to find out what you want to improve and achieve by the
end of this course.
So you can go ahead and download the fire footage that I'm supplying you from the course resources tab.
The downloadable link is going to include the fire footage to practice with some different music choices
to play around with.
You can use your own track.
You can use a favorite track you've been wanting to edit with, or you can use one of the supplied tracks.
And all the footage that I'm supplying in this course is going to be compressed in size and it's going
to have a watermark on it for learning purposes only.
So it's compressed.
So you can download it quickly.
It's not going to take 40 gigabytes and 40 days to get to download.
But it also has a watermark on all the footage throughout the course that I'm supplying you, because
it's for learning purposes only.
I don't want to see any of you guys using these and saying that it's one of your projects.
Look at this project.
I did only use it, please, for your evolution and upgrading of your skill set during this course.
You can share it, but please be clear about where the footage has come from.
OK.
With that said, now you can pause my video and you can download all the assets and put together just
an initial edit.
Don't spend more than 20 minutes on it, but put something together that feels right for you at this
stage.
Then I'm going to show you some other students edits and then we'll see what kind of information we
can learn from having multiple editors editing the same exact content.
So I will see you in the next video lesson.